Hello, I'm Kim Jeong Ah, a nurse practitioner
working at Eminent Hospice Care.
Today, there are a lot of people who ask me what
happens when a
patient passes away from their family.
So, when the patient passes away, I will explain
what the situation is in the U.S.
First, when the patient passes away, whether he was
doing hospice or not, or
which place he was in, I will explain the difference
between those who have
passed away and those who have to step on it.
First, when he was doing hospice, I will explain the
case of the patient passing away.
The doctor already expected the patient to pass
away, so he applied for hospice.
The family means that the patient has agreed to pass
away at the place
where he is now.
So, even if the hospice patient passes away from a
place, you can call
the hospice office right away.
Then, the hospice staff goes out and passes away,
and most of the nurses go out.
After passing away, the hospice office is next to
the funeral.
I will arrange it so that I can take the patient
with me.
Sometimes, there are people who ask for two or four
hours to take the patient with them.
Then, most of the family wants to spend more time
with the patient, the
patient, or the family from afar,
so they ask for the waiting time.
I will arrange it so that the hospice office can
spend more time with
the family at the funeral.
However, the California law brings the patient to a
place where he has passed
away for four hours after he has passed away.
Because it is a law, most of the time, the patient
takes the patient to the funeral.
Let me tell you another story.
Sometimes, many people think that the patient who is
in the U.S.
has to go back to the hospital and call 911.
There are many people who think that they have to
call 911.
If the patient dies without the hospice, it is right
to call 911.
However, if the patient dies while the hospice is
doing it, you don't need to call 911.
You can call the hospice office right away.
Usually, the funeral is run by a Korean within two
hours.
In the case of the U.S.
funeral, you can think that it takes two to four
hours.
Then, I will tell you another story according to the
place where the patient has passed away.
The patient has been admitted to the nursing
hospital.
In the nursing hospital, there is an upper-level
nurse, so the nurses call the
hospice company after they have passed away.
The hospice company brings the patient to the
funeral and the funeral that the
family has already decided.
If the patient is admitted to the nursing hospital
or at home, the nurse is not there.
If you call the hospice office, the hospice staff
will go out of the hospice office.
I told you that the nurse will go out.
If the nurse goes to the funeral and calls the
hospice office, the hospice
office will call the family and the funeral that the
family has already decided.
I will call the funeral and ask them to take the
patient to the hospital.
After taking the patient to the funeral, the funeral
is sent to the hospice
office to receive the death worksheet.
This death worksheet is expected to be placed in the
death certificate.
For example, the patient's information, the time of
death, the cause of death, and
the doctor's information to write the death
certificate are sent to the death worksheet
to send a fax or e-mail to the funeral.
Then the funeral is reported to the main government
with that information.
The main government is sent to the physician's
attestation at the hospice office.
The physician's attestation says that the doctor
check the patient's death most of all.
Then the physician's attestation is sent to the
state.
In the state, after checking, the death certificate,
the certificate of death, is sent to the funeral.
The death certificate must be finished so that the
funeral can proceed to the
funeral of the patient.
You can wear cremation or go to the museum.
If you make a reservation, the first place to start
the death worksheet is
the funeral, and the death certificate is the final
place to arrive.
So if you go back to the main government, you can
finish the death
certificate within two to three days.
If you go back to the weekend, you can finish the
death certificate within
two to three days after the weekend.
If you are late at work in the funeral or the
doctor's signature is
late, the death certificate can be delayed a little
longer.
After the family is brought to the funeral, they
call the funeral.
You can discuss about the funeral.
You can request as much as you need the funeral
certificate after the death
certificate is finished in the funeral.
Finally, the hospice office is called to comfort the
patient's family after the patient's death.
You can think of the spiritual counselor as the main
hospice traveling pastor.
The spiritual counselor service is a spiritual
dolbom in Korean.
The spiritual dolbom is also one of the core
services that must be provided by the hospice.
The spiritual dolbom service means that it must be
provided by the hospice in Medicare.
In order to look at the patient's physical symptoms,
the nurse is regularly visiting.
During the hospice service period, the pastor visits
the patient and takes a look
at the spiritual part.
In Jong-woo Lim, I will tell you about Bremen Rural
Service after I tell
you about the comfort of the family.
In fact, it is a little unfamiliar in Korea, but it
is translated as
a family letter service.
It is a service that sends a letter to the family
for about a
year and a half during the hospice service period.
The letter can vary from office to office.
In my case, I have to check the checklist.
How to overcome depression or sadness that family or
close friends can experience.
Lastly, I would like to tell you about the meaning
of hospice.
Hospice is known to Koreans a little bit more, but
it is still considered an uncomfortable word.
There is a nurse that I know.
When the patient said that his knee was too painful
because he had liver disease.
It is a disease that needs to be aged, but it is a
blessing
to live until the age when you have liver disease.
People who have liver disease don't know how many
people have gone back.
As you know, there are so many accidents these days.
There are a lot of people who end their lives before
they get old.
There are so many people who end their lives before
In that sense, it can be said that it is a natural
thing to face the infected.
It is a sad thing to let go of your family, but it
is
a thing that cannot be avoided.
Hospice is a service that helps the last fairy of
life to be a
little more meaningful and comfortable.
Please contact me if you are curious.
Today, the patient went back while doing hospice.
I explained about the death of the infected.
Next time, when the patient went back without doing
hospice.
I will tell you about the death of the infected and
the death of the infected.
Thank you.